iano has been making some very cool but
very expensive handhelds over the last
few years and now we've got the Quinn
which they're touting is a high-end top
tier mobile gaming device and holy crap
I am not talking price yet but it comes
in a wooden box look at how beautiful
this is look you get this like text this
ISS iono Quinn it's got an Obi strip
that we're going to try to get off
here oh man this is beautiful this is
probably one of the nicest un boxing
experiences I've ever had this just
slides out and you can I mean no one's
going to do this but you know you could
put it in your home
somewhere and then oh this is actually
just like a little background of
mountains okay you know what don't put
the acrylic up somewhere but this is
like a nice little Scenic Mountain Range
kind of deal oh my God there's more um
okay I haven't even looked at the
console yet because instead we've got
this what
what wandering boundless and free oh wow
this is
long oh and then on the back is a bunch
of like instructions or something say
what you will about the rest of the
console uh this packaging is incredible
we've just got a little uh diagram here
for like where our home button is okay
well that's that I thought this was like
a second booklet but it's really just a
piece of foam for our console but then
there's another little paper sheet here
what's in this we got our ipace 2.0
instruction manual that's just the
software that they used in the handheld
custom software uh and then we' got
three other little boxes here this is
probably the charging brick if I had to
guess real Gamers no Gamers ya is a real
gamer Gan 100 wat fast charger okay
that's actually pretty sick um that's a
bit more than your standard 65 watt Gan
charger that other handholds are coming
with and we got two other boxes what's
in this cables uh wall adapters Okay so
you're set wherever you go thanks ya
this has got to be the cable if this
thing comes with a charger but no cable
I would be incredibly disappointed and
yes it is in fact a
ctoc cable that's a decently long charge
cable too it's nothing uh too much like
you're going to have a little trouble if
you want to sit on one end of the couch
instead of the other but whatever that's
fine it also comes with two handy dandy
USB C to a cable adapters and now for
the console this thing is huge it's got
an 8.4 in screen it's 2560 x600 so
you're getting a 16x 10 aspect ratio and
uh it is heavy how much do you weigh
945 G they advertise 950 on their
manufacturer's website give or take a
few uh that's fine for reference the
steam deck is what 650 roughly the Alli
is like 608 um so this is Hefty and I
don't know it honestly feels pretty
comfortable in my hands as is but I
don't know if I would feel comfortable
holding it like on the bus for an
extended gaming session it's got an 8o
d-pad which I don't think feels amazing
but I don't honestly hate it either a
couple of thumb sticks and back triggers
these all four are hall effect which is
great means it'll be a little bit more
reliable and you're not going to deal
with stick drift as quickly looks like
they've got touchpads here or something
I'm not sure we'll have to investigate
once we turn it on that's a big
complaint uh from a lot of people is
they like the steamex touchpads but you
don't have it on the allly triggers feel
a little light they're not the worst but
uh the bumpers aren't super satisfying
I'm a big fan of like Xbox 360 Arrow
bumpers that are like clicks these are a
little mushy not too bad though yeah
it's got four buttons on the back as
well I'll be frank I never use these I
know that a lot of people might but for
me personally it's really not an issue
if they don't have the four buttons on
the back I never bought a Pro Controller
or anything like that actually what's
this little open whoa comes with a
kickstand oh there's a Micro SD card
slot there nice okay this is great so
while it might be really heavy it does
come with a kickstand kind of like the
legion go or the switch OLED so if you
do want to like grab a controller hook
it up through Bluetooth or even wired
cuz it's got looks like yeah both top
and bottom USBC ports which is another
huge plus um you can just game like this
no problem on an airplane or at home if
you know you just want to game in the
living room from your couch uh that's
really cool actually really happy to see
that close it for now face buttons
feel yeah perfectly fine they're a
little small but not too small um I
don't know what this t button is and uh
the three dots that t might be for is
BAS turbo maybe uh then we've got a
little volume rocker on the top power
switch usba a that's actually really
surprising to see a usba a port on this
thing one of the really cool things
about these USB BC ports is that they're
USB 4 and even if they're only gen 1
they're going to be running at at least
40 GB per second so you've got a lot of
bandwidth to play with here I also just
really like this like silver shiny
exterior that it's got on the plastic I
don't know it feels retro who does a
light silver like this anymore uh I kind
of dig it though it doesn't look like
there's a ton of visible screws I know
that previous iOS weren't that hard to
take apart uh we've got two on the
bottom here and then I'm guessing you
take off this little rocker bar which is
also a couple of switches I pull that
off more screws take it all apart
shouldn't be too hard previous ones
weren't too bad one thing that probably
contributes to how heavy this is that I
forgot to mention earlier is it's got a
75w hour battery which is enormous the
legion go has a 50 W hour and then the
steam deck and the Ally are both
something around 40 That's 19,500 Milli
hours it is a lot of juice this thing is
packing a 7840 U from AMD which is is
similar to what the Ally has and what a
legion go is equipped with the
difference here that IO has managed is
that it can turbo up to 54 Watts TDP
which is significantly higher than both
of those other handhelds so I'm really
curious to see I mean it's going to
drain the battery way faster but I want
to see just like how much performance
you can really eek out of this 7840 U so
let's turn it on and give it a try but
not before a word from our sponsor
thanks to pulseway for sponsoring this
video when it comes to managing your it
systems it shouldn't be a headache our
sponsor pulseway wants to make
performing important actions on your
system simpler while having complete
visibility into the network from
anywhere pulseway lets you monitor
manage and troubleshoot your workstation
from the comfort of your phone
compatible with any operating system
take complete charge of your servers
patched and it systems with pulse way
try it free today with a no commitment
trial available at the link below wa I
Neo it's got little specs it's an IPS
screen so it's okay it's not OLED like
the steam deck OLED but but uh hits like
500 nits supposedly it actually gets
brighter than advertised measuring
around 600 nits want to check what the
refresh rate and everything is so I'm
going to go into ipace uh that's cool
they've got their performance modes but
I don't like how it's like AAA game
normal a game Retro Game I guess that's
easy for some people uh unlimited FPS
you can cap your FPS which is a great
feature it's also got a little battery
estimate here uh 2 hours 25 minutes but
I think that says at 18 Watts so it's a
little hard to trust that upon further
review ipace has an option in the main
program that has a for CPU turbo but
it's disabled by default despite the 54
WTS being a really big selling point
brightness is cranked airplane mode off
always off and then the T for the t
button the t button is for the touchpad
and it brings up a bunch of touchpad
controls like gestures click control cuz
yeah you can you can click on them too
like buttons um oh okay so that's acting
as like a most cursor left click or
right click cool display settings
perfect display settings what are you
running at what's your refresh rate 60
HZ
oh okay I'll admit I'm a little spoiled
I know that the 120 HZ refresh rate on
the Ally and the legion aren't like huge
features for some people even the steam
deck OLED is 90 HZ now 75 even really
helps with that not input delay but I
don't know just like hitchy kind of
mouse look and I don't like it and uh
it's a really minor complaint but IO you
pack this is supposed to be a high-end
top tier system with like a really good
IPS screen and you couldn't do more than
60 HZ I'm a little disappointed it is a
touch screen it's a really good feature
for when games are broken and you need
to like go to Windows home screen to try
to do whatever you need to do to force
close the game um you can just swipe up
and boom it all tabs out for you
essentially I've been playing a lot of
Pacific Drive I just want to see how it
handles Pacific Drive they claim it gets
up to 500 nits and frankly it kind of
seems like this thing gets really bright
that's another really easy way to save
on battery life as well if you don't
have a handheld yet like you can just
turn this all the way down and it's
still playable in low
light did you hear
that that is
loud 54 Watts baby let's go one thing
I'm looking for is I can't remember if
ipace has a built-in frame rate counter
doesn't look like it it is claiming to
pull 50 Watts which is wild CPU G U 71c
and 64c if you believe their reader uh
5400 RPM is what that fan is spinning at
and I believe it you know this is why
you've got headphones you just drown out
that fan it's got Bluetooth 5.2 as well
if you don't have any old Ox cable
headphones anymore this is chopped I let
me let me change some let me change some
in-game settings here one thing I'll
note is I just went to pause the game
and it felt very uncomfortable moving my
thumb all the way down here to do so uh
almost all the other devices have their
paw and and uh options buttons like
right here near the top like why is the
touchpad button that I'm going to
use once every I don't know month or
whatever way up here it should be maybe
down here or down here um I think
they've just got too many buttons here's
your hamburger and like typical options
button that you see in most consoles now
this d-pad feels bad now that I'm using
it to like actually use menus and stuff
just feels I don't want an 8po touch
d-pad built like this I just want like
four clear buttons then you can press
two at the same time uh that would be
very preferable it's not getting stuck
or anything um but it feels a little
sticky and I definitely don't like the
d-pad I'll admit I haven't played this
on my Ally yet it is a bit more
demanding even though it's just kind of
an indie game uh it's got a lot of
effects so it looks really pretty um
this is playable this is probably like
30 maybe 40 FPS with some hitching every
now and then part of the problem with
Windows handhelds versus the steam Deck
with Steam OS is that you kind of run
into problems like this where it's like
no I I tried to tell you to do full
screen and then it's like okay but I
don't want to do full screen cuz you're
telling me to do 1280 x 720 so it's like
okay cool let me change the windows
resolution to 1280 x 720 then relaunch
the game then let it work doesn't happen
in every title A lot of them just work
seamlessly okay that's a lot better we
changed Windows to 1280 by 800 uh and
then we changed the game resolution to
this to match that and then we turned
everything to low and while this fan is
still cranked like it is cruising um the
game performance is markedly improved
and it's much more playable now yo this
looks great turn my headlights on I mean
don't get me wrong the game looks a lot
worse when everything's set to low but
in terms of just
playability totally playable let's try
the speakers out let's you know let's
turn the volume up yeah this is totally
fine it's hard though because like the
speakers
who I hit like a single object and the
performance just
tanked that's not bad let's let's try
crab Rave and like see how it is
especially when the game is not running
and so the fans aren't like just
blasting YouTube I got to say one of the
really nice things about having this big
8.4 in screen is that using it at a as a
Windows device feels okay um like
watching YouTube videos and everything
it feels like actually usable and full
screen look at that that's beautiful
screen covers 90% of DCI
[Music]
P3 that's not
bad that's
50% so they're bottom firing speakers
coming out of these slots right here
even though you kind of cover them up
when you put them on the
kickstand it doesn't really kill the
volume which is really nice I'd say
they're adequate maybe a little worse
than a full fat laptop but you know
they're not bad it is wild that it lets
you just turbo to 54 Watts without it
plugged in uh the Ally you need to be
plugged in to do
35 grab the controller and kick back my
brother in Christ I am holding what is a
controller and a computer at the same
time whoa this is actually really
playable I'm pretty sure I'm still at
like uh, 1600p
too those
fans returnal at 800p we're getting 42
average FPS and 30 at the 1% lows when
we're using 54 Watts if we turn that
down to 30 Watts it hardly changes
anything going to 40 and 28 compared to
our Legion go though uh we're getting 37
average so even at 30 Watts it's beating
it what's surprising is that in some
other games like rocket League it
doesn't always maintain that edge for
instance we're seeing a slightly higher
frame rate on the legion go despite
using more juice on the iono Quinn using
the same processor so take that for what
you will but overall performance is you
know fine in the games that we tested in
our endurance testing setting this and
the legion go to 200 nits it actually
didn't do all that much better in
YouTube endurance testing we got 7 hours
out of both systems our combuster stress
test gets a big dnf when you set it to
54 Watts for whatever reason it simply
fails to complete the test despite the
CPU only reaching about 75 for our
Prime 95 stress test at Max brightness
on 30 Watts we're getting an hour and 29
minutes compared to our Legion go which
was hitting an hour 35 however we did
notice that the CPU on the go was only
drawing about 20 watts for most of the
test so that does account for the major
difference in battery life here one more
thing that I failed to mention earlier
is that the power button also has a
fingerprint scanner if you like
unlocking your device like that and if
you prefer facial recognition it's got a
little camera right here as for the
price that's where things get a little
iffy uh if you want the 16 gigs of RAM
with 512 gig SSD we are talking about
over ,00 us which is a lot uh a steam
deck is what like half of that the Ally
is half of that the even the legion go
is a similar price as the other two
devices like man it's it's hard I would
love to support a more Indie developer
uh like IO but they're also I mean
they've been putting these out for a
while now so are they even Indie I don't
know it's it's hard to say that's that's
rough and then if you want you can spend
another $100 and get the doubled
capacity version of this guy with 32
gigs of RAM and one terabyte SSD we're
talking 100 bucks for literally doubling
uh it's totally worth it I think at that
point although to be frank I probably
won't recommend this to any of my
friends maybe if the 75w hour battery
performed a little better than it did in
our testing um cuz then you'd have a
pretty good argument right that's that's
the real big issue with a lot of
handhelds is like it doesn't last that
long steam deck is probably the best um
especially when you're running it in low
wattage but like the reality is with a
lot of these things you're not going to
get more than a couple hours out of them
maybe three if you really push it for
the most part I prefer just keeping them
plugged in and playing at the couch so
for me the battery is not even an appeal
I want the lightest system I can get 945
G that's almost a kilo it's really heavy
honestly and that's on top of the fact
that IO hasn't always had the best
customer service in the past as well
even with this launch uh they've had
some issues getting all the units to
their customers we had reports of the
d-pad sticking and um I'm not so sure
that I would uh trust someone like that
with
$1,200 thanks so much for watching like
comment subscribe if you want to check
out another one look at the io slide
it's got a slide up screen with a
keyboard underneath